---
layout: post
title:  "DC60"
date:   2018-08-07
excerpt: "DC60 is a beautiful 60% customized keyboard."
project: true
tag:
- keyboard
- dc60
- firmware
---

## Firmware
DC60's default PCB (non-Bluetooth version, provided by ALF) is powered by QMK and it supports a variety of layouts. 

* Flashing a firmware will require that you have a keyboard firmware .hex file with correct layout information. 
* .hex file can be generated either using a QMK compiler, or an online tool. In this guide, we will be demonstrating with the QMK firmware builder provided by Ruiqi Mao (豆仔). And the website is: http://qmkeyboard.cn/ 
* If you plan to build an ANSI layout, or a standard arrow cluster layout. Please first download the pre-configured [json file](/assets/firmware/dc60.json) (credits to Cary Cai), and upload it to the [QMK firmware builder](http://qmkeyboard.cn/).
* After this step, you may click the *KEYMAP* button on the same page, and start configuring your layout. Specifically, you can modify each key on multiple layers. Make sure you assign *MO(1)* to the intended FN key in Layer 0.
* Once the layout is fully configured to your preference, you may click *COMPLIE* to download the .hex file.
* Install and run the [QMK Toolbox](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_toolbox/releases). 
* To flash the .hex file, first disconnect the USB connector. Then press the *space key* and the *B* key together while connecting the USB to the computer. Your keyboard should now be in the flashing mode, and choose the .hex file and flash with one button. Voilà! Congratulations, and you have just finished flashing the DC60 firmware.


* Note, if you plan to build a 2u left-shift version, or even a Minila layout, please instead download this pre-configured [json file](/assets/firmware/dc60_minila.json), and use the same approach explained for the ANSI layout.

Hope you find this guide useful. If you have additional information, please hit me (oldcat) up in the [ALF Discord Channel](https://discord.gg/NHYnp8g).
